well howdy there internet people its
bogan so today we're gonna talk about
treating everybody the same because
that's the goal right that is how we are
going to build a just society we're
gonna treat everybody the same I used to
think that way and then I met this guy
it's funny cuz he wasn't a philosopher
he wasn't a social justice advocate
anything like that he was the director
of photography for old windmills I don't
laugh I know what the photos look like
in the 70s and 80s they looked that way
cuz that's how we looked and how we
dressed and what we were buying this guy
was a genius not just creatively but in
other ways as well as you about to find
out we're standing in the food court of
a mall in Albany Georgia and somebody
had said that to him earlier in the day
I might treat everybody the same
and he's just he was kind of venting
about it he's like man I despise that
rubs me the wrong way when people say
that treating everybody the same that's
a bad thing to you and kind of looked at
me and he started cussing and it
surprised me
not because I'm a stranger to coarse
language I'm not I don't use it in the
videos because it's not appropriate
everywhere but I had never heard this
man cast before or after and when he got
done he was like and if I said that to
you it wouldn't bother you at all like
no it would surprise me but it wouldn't
really bother me what if I said it to
Gina well that was a photographer who
worked for him he'd probably be in HR
the next day he's like well I probably
be in the unemployment line but that's
not the point the point is that's
treating everybody the same the goal
shouldn't be to treat everybody the same
it should be to treat everybody fairly
okay and I said it like that I knew that
he had made a great point but I didn't
really grasp it at the time it took me a
while to really think about it
and if you watch enough these videos you
know I like to relate things to events
that have happened in history some
people kind of research it and get a
good grasp on it on their own and this
was a hard one this was a hard one until
I thought of McNamara's morons now if
you're gonna research it don't use that
term use a project 100,000 MacNamaras
morons was kind of a nickname during the
Vietnam War the US Army needed troops
they needed people they needed bodies
you know people weren't signing up so
McNamara got this idea under the guise
of treating everybody the same and
offering more opportunities to those
less fortunate he waived enlistment
standards minimum enlistment standards
now if you don't know you don't have to
be a genius to get into the army now
that's not saying that everybody who
joins the army Saddam it's saying that
you don't need an IQ of 140 to get in if
you can't cut minimum enlistment
standards you are certainly not gonna be
able to cut combat in Vietnam the proof
of this is the fact that people in this
project died at a rate 3 times as high
as your average soldier doesn't take you
long to realize treating everybody the
same is not treating everybody fairly
now an example for my personal life I
have a strong aversion to Arab males I
know right now somebody go and see
Muslims bad people how wasn't that it
was that they were space invaders like
aliens like personal space invaders they
stood really close to you took me a
while to even realize what it was that
bothered me took me a little bit longer
to realize it was just a cultural thing
and if I held them to the same standard
treated everybody the same as I would
somebody from down here wouldn't really
be fair I mean you know my people we
shake hands leaning forward cuz we can't
stand too close to each other somebody
might think we were gay
and that's just a horrible horrible
thing so there's a couple of examples
the problem is this concept of treating
everybody fairly
rather than treating them really the
same is never gonna catch on in the US
because we demonize education we
demonize learning about other cultures
other religions whatever now where the
US we got the greatest culture in the
world baseball games and hot dogs I
guess in order to treat everybody fairly
you have to know where they're coming
from which means you have to know a
little bit about them about their
culture about the religion about who
they are as a people since we don't do
that since we look down on that it won't
catch on it's something we need to own
as Americans because it is an American
thing you know most languages don't have
a word comparable to nerd they don't
have a word that means you're smart
that's bad doesn't exist in most
languages that's purely an American
thing we demonize education and it's
something we need to work on anyway it's
a just a fall y'all have a good night